chore: Add Shivam-opensrc2002 (#996)
EddieHubCommunity/hacktoberfest-practice: README.md

- Commit the changes.

```bash

>   git commit -m "Add <Shivam-opensrc2002>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  git commit -m "Add <your-github-username>"
```
Replace `Shivam-opensrc2002` with `your-github-username`.

If you get an error message like the one below, you probably forgot to fork the repository before cloning it. It is best to start over and fork the project repository first.

```bash

> ERROR: Permission to EddieHubCommunity/hacktoberfest-practice.git denied to <Shivam-opensrc2002>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ERROR: Permission to EddieHubCommunity/hacktoberfest-practice.git denied to <your-github-username>.
```
Replace `Shivam-opensrc2002` with `your-github-username`.
